four days now all the women on my staff
have been freaking out because this
movie is coming out called Magic Mike
XXL I don't know much about the film
just judging by the title
I'm assuming it's about a very heavy
magician they say they're gonna go to a
midnight showing I said I want a girls
night out can I come with you they said
yes and I rented a limo and I think
we're gonna have a good time I want to
find out what this is all about so let's
get my Magic Mike XXL oh this is my
assistant sona's apartment all the
ladies are meeting there it's like an
episode of cops instead of arresting
murderers I'm just hanging out with some
women and going and seeing a movie hey
how are you okay my assistant showing no
affection come on everybody you work for
me a little over six no affection I give
this what's mine
you already did who's excited for a
Magic Mike XXL tonight I haven't seen
you ladies react this way to a movie
franchise before you didn't do this for
Ninja Turtles what's going on difference
between a really good dancer and thank
you right you can tell the difference
between a real between a real man and a
guy who's just pretending to be a man
who is in a real man is that what you're
saying is that what you're saying
you know this is called the C Tatum you
know why this is what Channing Tatum
drinks I happen to know because I'm
friends with CT we're friends with Jay
Taytay okay so this is your favorite Joe
Manganiello
and I told you that I know him a bit
I've met him he's been on the show I
don't think you'd like know him as well
as I been on the show doesn't like know
him I know him well enough to know that
he doesn't look like this in real life
you like him a lot
would you marry him if you could marry
him I would marry him so hard you don't
know you don't marry
don't you say what is he masculine
Tarzan kind of guy he looks like a
lumberjack that's off his match usually
does he look like he's pointing to a
tree that he forgot to fell what do you
think what do you this guy do it for you
what's different between this guy and me
[Laughter]
are you gonna scream and go woo what is
it the women go they go like do we know
someone may be willing Shona Woo's when
you know lunch shows up raise their hand
tonight if you would like it if you saw
peanuts would you like to see them
you've been into it would be interested
what are you a scientist
to be interesting to separate this one
norm
okay let me tell you something again
this is a fallacy I hate to break it to
you it is a scientific fact that men
with this upper body have a very small
sweeper like every pound you
so these men lose 600 pounds were
trapped in their home I'm walking around
with a freaking fire
these are the fallacies what kind of
dance news we're gonna see can anyone
show me what ruin here's a good dancer
who could show me basically what we're
gonna see that they're a pelvic region
and then they just poundage to the
granite what's the point of that it's
with the floor I'm gonna play some music
and I'm gonna do it feels natural
[Music]
[Applause]
okay now oh my god I told the editors it
to leave my body exposed if I'm HEC sold
out right now that'll be the because
they thought it didn't look good nice I
look like I brought champagne
[Music]
let's talk about the myth of penis and
size now I have it on good authority
that women don't care for a large penis
it can be bothersome
[Applause]
we are at big Wang
credible feast what would you ladies
like we have fun booty booty juice
where's your name Leah Leah very nice to
meet you
we're gonna go see Magic Mike XXL are
you jealous yeah you know I really want
to buy you a booty juice that's the
second time this week I've said that a
ticket for Magic Mike XXL okay that is
seven female tickets and one man ticket
no one magic
[Applause]
the child just is being taken away
quickly he's getting really exciting
that we are eight minutes away from
Magic Mike XXL starting and I am ready I
am lubricated waiting I am more woman
than I've ever been before and I'm ready
to be taken on the ride of my life
I'm ready to have a baby baby with a
movie
[Applause]
that was really fun bye you guys
bye ladies
I'm tired it's been a long day and
you're really good you really good too
I wasn't in the mood to Joe Joe no sex
tonight thanks to Joe Manganiello for
getting into bed with me